CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Important notes
Please don't edit files in the `dist` subdirectory as they are generated via Grunt. You'll find source code in the `src` subdirectory!

### Code style
Regarding code style like indentation and whitespace, **follow the conventions you see used in the source already.**

## Modifying the code
First, ensure that you have the latest [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and [npm](http://npmjs.org/) installed.

Test that Grunt's CLI and Bower are installed by running `grunt --version` and `bower --version`.  If the commands aren't found, run `npm install -g grunt-cli bower`.  For more information about installing the tools, see the [getting started with Grunt guide](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) or [bower.io](http://bower.io/) respectively.

1. Fork and clone the repo.
1. Run `npm install` to install all build dependencies (including Grunt).
1. Run `bower install` to install the front-end dependencies.
1. Run `grunt test` to test this project.

Assuming that you don't see any red, you're ready to go. Just be sure to run `grunt test` after making any changes, to ensure that nothing is broken.

## Submitting a Pull Request

Before you submit your pull request consider the following guidelines:

* Search [GitHub](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/pulls) for an open or closed Pull Request
  that relates to your submission. You don't want to duplicate effort.
* Make your changes in a new git branch

     ```shell
     git checkout -b my-fix-branch master
     ```

* Create your patch, including appropriate test cases.
* Follow our [Coding Rules](#coding-rules)
* Commit your changes and create a descriptive commit message (the
  commit message is used to generate release notes, please check out our
  [commit message conventions](#commit-message-format) and our commit message presubmit hook
  `validate-commit-msg.js`):

     ```shell
     git commit -a
     ```

* Build your changes locally to ensure all the tests pass

    ```shell
    grunt test
    ```

* Push your branch to Github:

    ```shell
    git push origin my-fix-branch
    ```

* In Github, send a pull request to `angular-strap:master`.
* If we suggest changes then you can modify your branch, rebase and force a new push to your GitHub
  repository to update the Pull Request:

    ```shell
    git rebase master -i
    git push -f
    ```

That's it! Thank you for your contribution!

When the patch is reviewed and merged, you can safely delete your branch and pull the changes
from the main (upstream) repository:

* Delete the remote branch on Github:

    ```shell
    git push origin --delete my-fix-branch
    ```

* Check out the master branch:

    ```shell
    git checkout master -f
    ```

* Delete the local branch:

    ```shell
    git branch -D my-fix-branch
    ```

* Update your master with the latest upstream version:

    ```shell
    git pull --ff upstream master
    ```


## Git Commit Guidelines

We have very precise rules over how our git commit messages can be formatted.  This leads to **more
readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**.  But also,
we use the git commit messages to **generate the AngularJS change log**.

### Commit Message Format
Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**.  The header has a special
format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier
to read on github as well as in various git tools.

### Type
Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing
  semi-colons, etc)
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug or adds a feature
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation
  generation

### Scope
The scope could be anything specifying place of the commit change. For example `$location`,
`$browser`, `$compile`, `$rootScope`, `ngHref`, `ngClick`, `ngView`, etc...

### Subject
The subject contains succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

###Body
Just as in the **subject**, use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
The body should include the motivation for the change and contrast this with previous behavior.

###Footer
The footer should contain any information about **Breaking Changes** and is also the place to
reference GitHub issues that this commit **Closes**.

Commit message:

chore(contribute): require test-cases

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Submitting issues
Any bug-related issue should come with a reproducible test-case, use the Plunker links in the docs to easily create one.

## Important notes
Please don't edit files in the `dist` subdirectory as they are generated via Grunt. You'll find source code in the `src` subdirectory!

### Code style
Regarding code style like indentation and whitespace, **follow the conventions you see used in the source already.**

## Modifying the code
First, ensure that you have the latest [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and [npm](http://npmjs.org/) installed.

Test that Grunt's CLI and Bower are installed by running `grunt --version` and `bower --version`.  If the commands aren't found, run `npm install -g grunt-cli bower`.  For more information about installing the tools, see the [getting started with Grunt guide](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) or [bower.io](http://bower.io/) respectively.

1. Fork and clone the repo.
1. Run `npm install` to install all build dependencies (including Grunt).
1. Run `bower install` to install the front-end dependencies.
1. Run `grunt test` to test this project.

Assuming that you don't see any red, you're ready to go. Just be sure to run `grunt test` after making any changes, to ensure that nothing is broken.

## Submitting a Pull Request

Before you submit your pull request consider the following guidelines:

* Search [GitHub](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/pulls) for an open or closed Pull Request
  that relates to your submission. You don't want to duplicate effort.
* Make your changes in a new git branch

     ```shell
     git checkout -b my-fix-branch master
     ```

* Create your patch, including appropriate test cases.
* Follow our [Coding Rules](#coding-rules)
* Commit your changes and create a descriptive commit message (the
  commit message is used to generate release notes, please check out our
  [commit message conventions](#commit-message-format) and our commit message presubmit hook
  `validate-commit-msg.js`):

     ```shell
     git commit -a
     ```

* Build your changes locally to ensure all the tests pass

    ```shell
    grunt test
    ```

* Push your branch to Github:

    ```shell
    git push origin my-fix-branch
    ```

* In Github, send a pull request to `angular-strap:master`.
* If we suggest changes then you can modify your branch, rebase and force a new push to your GitHub
  repository to update the Pull Request:

    ```shell
    git rebase master -i
    git push -f
    ```

That's it! Thank you for your contribution!

When the patch is reviewed and merged, you can safely delete your branch and pull the changes
from the main (upstream) repository:

* Delete the remote branch on Github:

    ```shell
    git push origin --delete my-fix-branch
    ```

* Check out the master branch:

    ```shell
    git checkout master -f
    ```

* Delete the local branch:

    ```shell
    git branch -D my-fix-branch
    ```

* Update your master with the latest upstream version:

    ```shell
    git pull --ff upstream master
    ```


## Git Commit Guidelines

We have very precise rules over how our git commit messages can be formatted.  This leads to **more
readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**.  But also,
we use the git commit messages to **generate the AngularJS change log**.

### Commit Message Format
Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**.  The header has a special
format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier
to read on github as well as in various git tools.

### Type
Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing
  semi-colons, etc)
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug or adds a feature
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation
  generation

### Scope
The scope could be anything specifying place of the commit change. For example `$location`,
`$browser`, `$compile`, `$rootScope`, `ngHref`, `ngClick`, `ngView`, etc...

### Subject
The subject contains succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

###Body
Just as in the **subject**, use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
The body should include the motivation for the change and contrast this with previous behavior.

###Footer
The footer should contain any information about **Breaking Changes** and is also the place to
reference GitHub issues that this commit **Closes**.
